
# Transpara's progress

- Set up react app for installing default modules when they are not already installed
- Start working on creating a bash script for installing tSystem, this will also let tSystem run commands via ssh 
---
# Interesting Notes of the Day

Today was a pretty crazy day. It started with me and Pedro training in this new box called "Iron Box". The vibes were a little weird while we were training, but everything was ok.

After that I walked for a little bit with Pedro and then we parted ways. Coincidentally, right at that moment Fray wrote me that she was at a school nearby because she was doing some promotional ballet classes, so I quickly went where she was.

When I arrived at where she was, she was with the daughter of the "headteacher" of the ballet academy, and she was about to go. So she left us alone, and we started walking to her house.

Fray was very reluctant to talk with me, so I just shut up and kept walking. Until she sat down in the middle of the way, and told me that I could go. But I suspect she wanted me to talk with her deep inside.

So full of desperation, I started talking with her, trying to convince her that I'm not a monster and a liar. But it was worthless, she left me there, and kept walking alone (I didn't follow her because I figured she may have wanted to be alone for a moment).

I sent her a message, asking for an opportunity, and she answered that I wasn't with her. That meant that she wanted to be with me, so I started pedaling quickly to where she was. Then I got to her, from behind I could see that she was crying, and barely able to stand up, so I got down of the bike and started walking with her to her house.

When we got to her house, it was supposed to end there. I was supposed to go home. But just when I was about to go, a random guy threw me the keys to the door used to enter the building. And because I was a bit shy about that, I went upstairs, and asked her if I could stay there a little bit

I talked with her again, this time she was way more receptive. And all of a sudden, she satrted kissing me and we had sex.

After having sex, we continued talking, and she said that she would give me another chance. That made me so happy.

Now I have to put a lot of effort to be the best version of me, and don't fuck everything up again. This is really crazy, I thought I was the last person on earth that would cheat over another one. At least I'm pretty confident that I'm able to fix this and not repeat it

## I'm Grateful for

- Fray giving me another opportunity 

## I'm Sad for

- Her being damaged by my actions